
==== NAME ====

Posy::Plugin::TextTemplate - Posy plugin for interpolating with
Text::Template.


==== VERSION ====

This describes version ``0.41'' of Posy::Plugin::TextTemplate.


==== DESCRIPTION ====

This overrides Posy's simple interpolate() method, by using the
Text::Template module. This is *not* compatible with core Posy style
interpolation.

Note that, if you want access to any of posy's methods inside a template,
the Posy object should be available through the variable "$Posy".


==   Configuration   ==

This expects configuration settings in the $self->{config} hash, which, in
the default Posy setup, can be defined in the main "config" file in the data
directory.

``tt_recurse_into_entry''
Do you want me to recursively interpolate into the entry $title and $body?
Consider carefully before turning this on, since if anyone other than you
has the ability to post entries, there is a chance of foolishness or malice,
exposing variables and calling actions/subroutines you might not want
called. (0 = No, 1 = Yes)

``tt_left_delim'' ``tt_right_delim''
The delimiters to use for Text::Template; for the sake of speed, it is best
not to use the original '{' '}' delimiters. (default: tt_left_delim='[==',
tt_right_delim='==]')

``tt_entry_left_delim'' ``tt_entry_right_delim''
The delimiters to use for Text::Template inside an entry (if
tt_recurse_into_entry is true) (default: tt_entry_left_delim='<?perl'
tt_entry_right_delim='perl?>')

I used these defaults because they look like XML directives, and for
compatibility with teperl.


==== INSTALLATION ====

Installation needs will vary depending on the particular setup a person has.


==   Administrator, Automatic   ==

If you are the administrator of the system, then the dead simple method of
installing the modules is to use the CPAN or CPANPLUS system.

    cpanp -i Posy::Plugin::TextTemplate

This will install this plugin in the usual places where modules get
installed when one is using CPAN(PLUS).


==   Administrator, By Hand   ==

If you are the administrator of the system, but don't wish to use the
CPAN(PLUS) method, then this is for you. Take the *.tar.gz file and untar it
in a suitable directory.

To install this module, run the following commands:

    perl Build.PL
    ./Build
    ./Build test
    ./Build install

Or, if you're on a platform (like DOS or Windows) that doesn't like the "./"
notation, you can do this:

   perl Build.PL
   perl Build
   perl Build test
   perl Build install


==   User With Shell Access   ==

If you are a user on a system, and don't have root/administrator access, you
need to install Posy somewhere other than the default place (since you don't
have access to it). However, if you have shell access to the system, then
you can install it in your home directory.

Say your home directory is "/home/fred", and you want to install the modules
into a subdirectory called "perl".

Download the *.tar.gz file and untar it in a suitable directory.

    perl Build.PL --install_base /home/fred/perl
    ./Build
    ./Build test
    ./Build install

This will install the files underneath /home/fred/perl.

You will then need to make sure that you alter the PERL5LIB variable to find
the modules, and the PATH variable to find the scripts (posy_one,
posy_static).

Therefore you will need to change: your path, to include
/home/fred/perl/script (where the script will be)

        PATH=/home/fred/perl/script:${PATH}

the PERL5LIB variable to add /home/fred/perl/lib

        PERL5LIB=/home/fred/perl/lib:${PERL5LIB}


==== REQUIRES ====

    Posy
    Posy::Core
    Text::Template

    Test::More


==== AUTHOR ====

    Kathryn Andersen (RUBYKAT)
    perlkat AT katspace dot com
    http://www.katspace.com


==== COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE ====

Copyright (c) 2004-2005 by Kathryn Andersen

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.

